hi welcome to beat battle bake with me
priyanka making your first cake doesn't
necessarily mean you have to burn it so
today i bring for you a very basic cake
recipe made with very basic ingredients
and it is young
we have 60 ml of melted butter we'll be
adding around 150 grams of condensed
milk okay cool that's it then
take a whisk and give it a very nice
stop for another five minutes or
something because you want good aeration
to happen
[Music]
now next we'll be adding some code fresh
code that you have at your home and this
is basically for binding and giving it a
nice moisture and nice texture
so here I'll be adding around 75 ml a
little bit of vanilla around a teaspoon
now give it another good stir
[Music]
you
all right now let's start with the dry
ingredients you need a sieve a nice
small one will do you we need around 80
grams of Magha next we need 1/4 teaspoon
of baking soda around 1/2 teaspoon of
baking powder now all you need to do is
to sieve it all inside this now we just
need to fold all our ingredients
together very softly very gently because
you do not want the aeration to just go
[Music]
so we have this half-kilo mold you can
take around you can take a square
whichever it is your choice
nicely dusted it with flour and buttered
it with nice salty butter now I'll be
pouring this
[Music]
then you need to give it a light tap
like this if you want you can also use
your spatula you don't need anything
extravagant for this sorted now I'll be
baking it at 180 degree Celsius for 25
minutes
[Music]
how to be mold it you just need to take
one knife and this is insert on the
sides of it like this ensure you're not
cutting your cake already just on the
sides just loosen it up that's it you
are done what you do is take one plate
like this flip it
[Music]
there
because I'd use this I need to remove
this as well the bottom part of
[Music]
we are done I'm gonna take another plate
this look back
you can solve it on its own with a nice
layer of cream or chocolate ganache or
you can experiment with your choice of
flavors and while you're doing that
don't forget to subscribe to the channel
happy baking
[Music]
you